[Music]
Hello hearts How are you? Well,
I hope you're having a wonderful day.
I'm here today too, even though it's the 24th,
recording all the news that I
can before I go out with my family,
but I didn't want to leave you without content
because I know that there are a lot of people who
need to have content
to entertain themselves, so I'm thinking
of everyone and I send a
huge hug to those of you who are going to celebrate
tonight with your family. To tell you that I'm glad you're
having a great time and that you
have very, very good parties and so on,
but please be careful with the
car, okay, if you're going
anywhere, if you're going to drink,
especially if you're going to drink, do it without a car,
okay, taxis are
very cheap, Uber and cabify and
all the things that there are nowadays so
that you don't have to put anyone at risk
or do crazy things, okay, celebrate
crazy things if you're going to take the
car, let it be without drinking, but if you're going to do whatever,
please be careful,
okay, so that we can all be
calm tomorrow.  and continue enjoying the and so
on no if you're new to this
channel Well as always remind you
all please subscribe that it's
completely free And that way you will
always get our videos worth sharing
and all those things okay nothing family
that It turns out I want to comment a
little on yesterday's topic that I don't know
why they're still showing the media fetch
this there are a lot of people who like it
eh There are a lot of people who say Uy How
nice the program is I don't know what I
see that all week long it's the
same contestants I mean I see that
when this is over they're
going to look for Rocío Carrasco another job
fitting him in wherever you know when you
know when you have a company and you
have a cousin that you have to get a
job out of obligation because he's good
for nothing and your aunt is telling you to
put him there give your cousin a job
that doesn't work for him and you put him to
sweep it's not worth it because he doesn't sweep well you
put it in the door open close the
door he forgets he's late you put it in you have to keep
putting it in always
looking for  a place to not fire him
no So I think that with Rosito they are going to
do something similar right now they have
the gap there in the mediafe when they
finish the mediafe Well the same thing they will
do is invent a section in
Sálvame of those that last two episodes
and they don't do it anymore better I don't know they will make
another series they will make a cop they will make a
delux they are always going to try to keep it
but it is that really because they have continued
throwing because they have continued throwing This
from the Media Fest I mean look at the beating
not the media beating Antena 3 presents
family secrets one this I don't know if it is
a series a movie I don't know what it is
because I haven't seen it but come on almost
12% the great movie that you already gave me the
great movie that it is no San Andrés one million
300,000 people 11.6 okay
Spanish television luck in your hands and the
cinema and then the Media Fest 10.7 okay
Yes it is true that everything is very
close we cannot call this a
beating you know collapse I don't know what
close as on other occasions no because
when it's the voice sincerely when it's
the voice we're talking about that before the
three it makes double but double the
viewers and shader okay but of course
taking into account that they have put on
one of these little movies from Antena 3 and
they still won as
our dear Mimi says here it turns out
that the problem of half the Fest was not the
voice yesterday nor did the movies exceed nor did they
reach a million Of course seeing everything it does
n't surprise me let's see a
little bit of what the subject was about because
yesterday there were some things that really
caught my attention and I wanted to
comment on it with you because when I
felt this is a surprise message
already in a Christmas way a surprise message
from Ana María el don to Rosito I mean
totally shameless eh I mean she declared totally
sisters I do believe you I do believe you I mean
this is brutal eh Look well when I have
felt crestfallen and dejected I have
also called I mean when
when Ana María el don has felt
very downcast Rosito has supported her But
well but what friendship do these people have
now if  I'm supposed to see the first one the
second time I know they saw each other So they
had a strong interaction it was the other
time we were here commenting on it not
this that they did on the set that they
gave each other affection that they held hands
these tremendous eh I mean this is tremendous
eh Let's see this is basically
the definitive breakup of Ana María el
don with the rest of the If she had
If she had the possibility no the small
possibility that she maintained a
cordial relationship with the family of the father of
her child here you have completely broken it Not
because you can't get along with people that do
n't you that your husband doesn't get along with or that
your husband's family doesn't get along with no
because that would be
a little childish but man let's see Ana María Could have a relationship with Rocío Carrasco despite the fact that Ortega Cano doesn't have it or the relatives don't have it not as long as the situation was different but man we were talking about that Rosito is putting
Ortega Cano in episodes as an abuser
okay Whether it was part of it being super
pressure your opinion or based on your
experiences No man it's not like it fits no like  It does
n't fit that it doesn't fit that
you have this friend Today he has a good relationship with the person who claims the father of your child is an abuser, not that in the end your son will get to see it one day, he will have some perception of the subject anyway it's not that he
has a better relationship with Rocío Carrasco
than with Gloria Camila okay And also at a
level of saying she is the person who
supports me when I've been sad, I
think that these two have spoken for a
long time before behind each other's backs, that they have
had their conversations and what
has happened here is that what has
happened here I believe because I
have also experienced this many times and it is the typical
story no and I think that what has
happened here is that they have had a
relationship in secret, they have been
talking to each other, supporting each other,
let's form this, let's form that
other, what happens is that publicly they have been
taking it out little by little we
understand each other with a look that it was
time for you to have a good time and enjoy
and people saw it, I love that she
says that it was time to have a
good time, this is not the typical
progressive nonsense that they say  no, it's repeated
a lot It was about time you had a
good time finally as if the girl
had been locked up in a bunker for 20 years without
ever going out to party and without
ever smiling because she's very sad because her
husband Was letting her down because of the
dishes no and it's like let's see Rocío Carrasco
has gone out to party a ton of times I
mean I don't even know how many times we've
seen her partying in fact Look I remember the
TV factory parties
last year Rosito doing the conga
okay doing the conga she had a great time
many times going out with the directors
of the TV factory with Carlota
Corredera the other day she had dinner and a
party with Carlota Corredera and with
Anabel Dueñas which is very nice I
'm not saying she doesn't do it but
man don't tell her that it was about time she had a
good time because she's had a
good time every time she
wanted okay And before the documentary
before a documentary she has also been
seen on many occasions partying I
remember one that was like a meal
in a kind of disco or event
that was like  by day not like this summery I don't
know if you remember that we were
also talking about it that she's like
playing Las Palmas and all that and I
love it because she mentions it as if the
poor girl has been going on for 20 years let's go
without living that she doesn't deserve life and it's
like Look kid, she's fed up with clubs,
parties, a lot of things man
please if she has put having a
good time first than motherhood
[Applause] It
was about time it's what I'm
telling you she sells it as if it were you know
[Music]
Well I'm not going to play the music because
the copy will probably jump out but I have to
say being as objective as possible
I don't know if this is retouched if it
can be retouched in this way or whatever
okay I doubt it very much Well nowadays there are
many things no So I'm not
going to risk it either but I doubt very much that
something like that can be retouched no but that she doesn't sing
badly I'm not going to say that she was
spectacular before but what I've seen is that she does
n't sing like she doesn't sing bad let's see
I'm a music hick too I'll
tell you eh  Maybe I'm telling you
Hey, she doesn't sing badly because I'm
comparing her to me no, I already said no and
Well there's also a greeting one thing I
want to comment On To close the video there's
a greeting from her relatives from
Chipiona no Rocío
that you can do everything come chipiona no
and it's to see if Rocío has been through you do
n't crawl please if Rocío has been
through all these years and she hasn't even set
foot in Chipiona don't crawl
to appear on TV really don't
crawl like this and it's
very funny to me because there's
something here that catches my attention and that is that
surely those of you who are on
Twitter have seen someone who claims to be
Rocío Carrasco's cousin no, well he
says awful things his name is Juan bixby
and he says awful things not like
Yes yes I am my cousin my cousin has
sent me a WhatsApp my cousin can do
everything look at this I am very hurt with
some people I have been on Instagram
dedicated entirely to Rocío Jurado
where I have put  four photos of the
Jurado with her relatives and they are already
attacking me here for that reason
and even though my cousin Rocío Carrasco knows it So I
disappear from this harmful social network
okay playing the victim like
the blue tide suddenly attacks her
that her cousin sends her a WhatsApp
people making collages and photos Okay
so I've been good denouncing
Juanca I see this as more than logical not
in a way that makes me happy in fact and it seems
normal and logical to me that a person who is
on the networks linked to Carrasco and
the family of Rocio Carrasco would send
these things to her obviously this is
more than logical that this is more than
logical that Rocío Carrasco is going to sue
youtubers okay But let's go straight to the point I
was investigating and this man is
a cousin of Rocío Carrasco What happens is
that he is a distant cousin of Rosa Carrasco, I mean, he is
the son of a
cousin of I think that I don't know if it was
Amador's well, Amador and Rocio's degree
or of the parents or the father okay let's see
give you  tell that chipiona is a town
okay it's a very well known town but it's
a town and in towns it's quite
common that in the end everyone is family
the one who is not a cousin of my cousin is a
cousin of my cousin's cousin you understand
and then This is a distant relative
who will have seen him three times in his life what
happens is that now with the
Rocío Carrasco Boom the typical one who likes it
draws attention like you know look
people go take a picture with him
you know how to feel feel what is not he
understands me and then you go to thank you very much
because here in the video they have not counted
on him basically it's that but anyway
family what do you think what do you think of how
Rocío Carrasco sings or worm likes and
what do you think of the audiences I will not
be reading the comments box I
send you a huge hug and until the
next video friends A hug
[Music]